In this project, I worked with a publicly available cardiovascular disease dataset (CDD) named CDD.xlsx, obtained from Kaggle. The dataset contains patient records from hospitals across the United States. My objective was to utilize this dataset to perform data cleaning on over 70,000+ patient records. The cleaned dataset was then used to run a logistic regression algorithm (implemented in the main file cdd.py), enabling users to predict the likelihood of cardiovascular disease based on a given body mass index (BMI) value.

Additionally, I developed code that generates a file displaying the likelihoods of adverse cardiovascular disease events across a range of BMI values. To aid in this analysis, I created a custom library (custom_lib.py) that provides basic statistics regarding patients' age and blood pressure values in the datasetIn this project, I worked with a publicly available cardiovascular disease dataset (CDD) named CDD.xlsx, obtained from Kaggle. The dataset contains patient records from hospitals across the United States. My objective was to utilize this dataset to perform data cleaning on over 70,000+ patient records. The cleaned dataset was then used to run a logistic regression algorithm (implemented in the main file cdd.py), enabling users to predict the likelihood of cardiovascular disease based on a given body mass index (BMI) value.

Additionally, I developed code that generates a file displaying the likelihoods of adverse cardiovascular disease events across a range of BMI values. To aid in this analysis, I created a custom library (custom_lib.py) that provides basic statistics regarding patients' age and blood pressure values in the dataset
